README.md, before:

### Analysis of Healthcare Cost and Utilization in the First Year of the Medicare Shared Savings Program Using Big Data from the CMS Enclave
##### Fabrício S. P. Kury, MD\*1, Seo H. Baik, PhD\*1, Clement J. McDonald, MD\*1
##### \*1 Lister Hill National Center for Biomedical Communications, National Library of Medicine, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland, USA
###### Codename: cisa
  
This is the repository with the accompanying full source code and full tables of results of the AMIA 2016 Annual Symposium paper. All materials contained in this GitHub repository are under an Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International license. Please see details at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/.   
  
Please feel free to contact us about this project! E-mail Fabrício directly: *fabricio.kury at nih.gov*.  
Reading and reusing source code can become so much easier after a quick voice talk with the original authors of the code -- we will be glad to help.  
  
Best regards,  
Fabrício Kury  
Seo Hyon Baik  
Clement McDonald

Commit message:

Correction to the wording in the submitted paper.

README.md, after:

### Analysis of Healthcare Cost and Utilization in the First Year of the Medicare Shared Savings Program Using Big Data from the CMS Enclave
##### Fabrício S. P. Kury, MD\*1, Seo H. Baik, PhD\*1, Clement J. McDonald, MD\*1
##### \*1 Lister Hill National Center for Biomedical Communications, National Library of Medicine, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland, USA
###### Codename: cisa
  
This is the repository with the accompanying full source code and full tables of results of the AMIA 2016 Annual Symposium paper. All materials contained in this GitHub repository are under an Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International license. Please see details at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/.  
  
>**_Correction to the paper: In the submitted version of the paper it is written that the "Percent difference" column is [non-ACO value] minus [ACO value] divided by [unsigned non-ACO value]. The correct wording is "the 'Percent difference' column is ([non-ACO value] minus [ACO value]) divided by [non-ACO value]"._**
  
Please feel free to contact us about this project! E-mail Fabrício directly: *fabricio.kury at nih.gov*.  
Reading and reusing source code can become so much easier after a quick voice talk with the original authors of the code -- we will be glad to help.  
  
Best regards,  
Fabrício Kury  
Seo Hyon Baik  
Clement McDonald
